1. UI based Enhancement: We can develop a web page or chrome extension to make it usable for users

2. Evaluation: Try to evaluate the output of RAG. Belows are libraries to evaluate RAG Systems

    a. Ragas: It evaluate on to many aspects

            Metric                           What is measures
            faithfulness                     Is the answer grounded in the retrieved context
            answer_relevancy                 Is the answer relevant to the user's question?
            context_precision                How much of the retrieved context is actually useful
            context_recall                   Did we retrieve all necessary information?
    b. Langsmith: We use it as a tracers. We can use it in each step to check whether pipeline is working good or not

3. Indexing: Where we pull document, do text splitting, embed it, put in vector store

    a. Document Injestion: For example, when we do document injestion, we fetch transcription from youtube. If we notice, the fetched transcription is autogenerated may contains lots of errors, we can improve the document. Some video gives transcription in different languages, we can translate the transcript
    b. Text spillting: We can improve it. We have used recursive character text splitter. That may have issue the chunk may divide with in a paragraph. So we can use semantic chunker
    c. Vector Store: For production, we would be required production grade vector database like Pinecone etc

4. Retrieval: Where we work to retrieve the document based on query. Mechanism we can apply to improve Retrieval

    a. Pre-Retrieval
        i. Query rewriting using LLM: For instance if user entered ambiguous input query, we can send it to llm to enhance the query
        ii. Multi-query generation: We can make multiple queries from single query to broader the scope of the query
        iii. Domain aware routing: If we making complex RAG system, it would trigger the relevant retriever based on query

    b. During Retrieval
        i. MMR: we can do maximum margin relevance retrieval.
        ii. Hybrid Retrieval:  Here we can also do keyword search along with semantic search
        iii. Reranking: We can do reranking. Here we can do with the help of LLM re rank retrieved documents.

    c. Post- Retrieval
        i. Contextual Compression: We can use this to remove irrelevant data in retrieved docoment

5. Augmentation

    a. Prompt Templating: Where we design prompt combining context with question. Ask llm to use the context understand the user query and answer from context
    b. Answer grounding: Force llm give answer from context only
    c. Context window optimization: Smartly use the token in a way when context goes to llm, trim the context use the valuable info only and ignore irrelevant context to don't cross the limit of context size.

6. Generation

    a. Answer with Citation: Ask llm when generating the answer send the reference of the document.
    b. Guard railing: Another practive of avoid halucination, like don't respond inappropriately

7. System Design

    a. Multimodal: Process query other than just text input like image, file, audio, videos.
    b. Agentic: Such RAG which operates as an AI agent too. E.G if user ask the query, where context is insuffucient and it seems like llm should go to internet and search result for that we can do agentic RAG.
    c. Memory based: Our RAG system should know how user previously connected, so our llm have data of previous chat messages


